total 304
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 20:51 f1.tar
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 20:40 file.tar
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    138 Mar  5 20:42 file.tar.gz
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    140 Mar  5 20:43 file.tar.tbz
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     10 Mar  5 20:09 file1.txt
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     15 Mar  5 20:10 file2.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:52 first.tar
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     94 Mar  5 20:14 fur.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:21 one.tar
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari    141 Mar  5 20:15 pre.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:52 second.tar
-rwxrwxrwx 1 lahari lahari   2409 Mar  5 20:03 tar.sh
-rwxrwxrwx 1 lahari lahari  99724 Mar  3 20:04 team7.webp
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    267 Mar  5 20:50 three.tar.gz
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari 112640 Mar  5 21:32 two.tar

compress.cpio
f1.tar
file.tar
file.tar.gz
file.tar.tbz
file1.txt
file2.txt
first.tar
fur.txt
one.tar
pre.txt
second.tar
tar.sh
team7.webp
three.tar.gz
two.tar
523 blocks

cpio: compress.cpio not created: newer or same age version exists
compress.cpio
cpio: f1.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
f1.tar
cpio: file.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
file.tar
cpio: file.tar.gz not created: newer or same age version exists
file.tar.gz
cpio: file.tar.tbz not created: newer or same age version exists
file.tar.tbz
cpio: file1.txt not created: newer or same age version exists
file1.txt
cpio: file2.txt not created: newer or same age version exists
file2.txt
cpio: first.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
first.tar
cpio: fur.txt not created: newer or same age version exists
fur.txt
cpio: one.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
one.tar
cpio: pre.txt not created: newer or same age version exists
pre.txt
cpio: second.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
second.tar
cpio: tar.sh not created: newer or same age version exists
tar.sh
cpio: team7.webp not created: newer or same age version exists
team7.webp
cpio: three.tar.gz not created: newer or same age version exists
three.tar.gz
cpio: two.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
two.tar
523 blocks

compress.cpio
f1.tar
file.tar
file.tar.gz
file.tar.tbz
file1.txt
file2.txt
first.tar
fur.txt
cpio: File new.tar grew, 305664 new bytes not copied
new.tar
one.tar
pre.txt
second.tar
tar.sh
team7.webp
three.tar.gz
two.tar
1665 blocks

total 1404
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari 267776 Mar  5 22:04 compress.cpio
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 20:51 f1.tar
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 20:40 file.tar
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    138 Mar  5 20:42 file.tar.gz
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    140 Mar  5 20:43 file.tar.tbz
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     10 Mar  5 20:09 file1.txt
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     15 Mar  5 20:10 file2.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:52 first.tar
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     94 Mar  5 20:14 fur.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari 852480 Mar  5 22:07 new.tar
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:21 one.tar
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari    141 Mar  5 20:15 pre.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:52 second.tar
-rwxrwxrwx 1 lahari lahari   2409 Mar  5 20:03 tar.sh
-rwxrwxrwx 1 lahari lahari  99724 Mar  3 20:04 team7.webp
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    267 Mar  5 20:50 three.tar.gz
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari 112640 Mar  5 21:32 two.tar

compress.cpio
f1.tar
file.tar
file.tar.gz
file.tar.tbz
file1.txt
file2.txt
first.tar
fur.txt
new.tar
one.tar
pre.txt
second.tar
tar.sh
team7.webp
three.tar.gz
two.tar

cpio: compress.cpio not created: newer or same age version exists
compress.cpio
cpio: f1.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
f1.tar
cpio: file.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
file.tar
cpio: file.tar.gz not created: newer or same age version exists
file.tar.gz
cpio: file.tar.tbz not created: newer or same age version exists
file.tar.tbz
cpio: file1.txt not created: newer or same age version exists
file1.txt
cpio: file2.txt not created: newer or same age version exists
file2.txt
cpio: first.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
first.tar
cpio: fur.txt not created: newer or same age version exists
fur.txt
cpio: new.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
new.tar
cpio: one.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
one.tar
cpio: pre.txt not created: newer or same age version exists
pre.txt
cpio: second.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
second.tar
cpio: tar.sh not created: newer or same age version exists
tar.sh
cpio: team7.webp not created: newer or same age version exists
team7.webp
cpio: three.tar.gz not created: newer or same age version exists
three.tar.gz
cpio: two.tar not created: newer or same age version exists
two.tar
1664 blocks

./fur.txt
./pre.txt
./file1.txt
./file2.txt
1 block

total 1144
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    512 Mar  5 22:16 compress.cpio
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 20:51 f1.tar
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 20:40 file.tar
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    138 Mar  5 20:42 file.tar.gz
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    140 Mar  5 20:43 file.tar.tbz
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     10 Mar  5 20:09 file1.txt
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     15 Mar  5 20:10 file2.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:52 first.tar
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari     94 Mar  5 20:14 fur.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari 852480 Mar  5 22:07 new.tar
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:21 one.tar
-rwxr-xr-x 1 lahari lahari    141 Mar  5 20:15 pre.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari  10240 Mar  5 21:52 second.tar
-rwxrwxrwx 1 lahari lahari   2409 Mar  5 20:03 tar.sh
-rwxrwxrwx 1 lahari lahari  99724 Mar  3 20:04 team7.webp
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari    267 Mar  5 20:50 three.tar.gz
-rw-r--r-- 1 lahari lahari 112640 Mar  5 21:32 two.tar

./fur.txt
./pre.txt
./file1.txt
./file2.txt
10 blocks

./fur.txt
./pre.txt
./file1.txt
./file2.txt
10 blocks

compress.cpio
f1.tar
file.tar
file.tar.gz
file.tar.tbz
file1.txt
file2.txt
first.tar
fur.txt
new.tar
one.tar
pre.txt
second.tar
tar.sh
team7.webp
three.tar.gz
two.tar
1664 blocks